Update readme (#113)
zooniverse/zoo-event-stats: README.md

# zoo-event-stats
Event stream reader and JSON stats API for Zooniverse wide and project classification and comment counts.

#### Stream Reader

This service contains a Kinesis stream reader for the internal Zooniverse data stream.
Each record on the input stream is processed if it's a talk comment or classification event.
Processing invovles tranforming the incoming data and
pushing data into both the Elastic Search data store and to the Pusher public data stream (public data only).

See [KCLReader](./lib/input/kcl_reader.rb) and [start_stream](./bin/start_stream) for more details.

#### API
The stats service has a json API to query the event counts for projects

##### `GET /counts/$event_type/$period`
Get the counts of events that match the event type over the period.

Valid `$event_type` values are `classification` and `comment`.

Valid `$period` values are `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`, `quarter`, `year`.
More details at [Value ES period values](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/search-aggregations-bucket-datehistogram-aggregation.html#_calendar_intervals)

> This end points returns json data in the format below where the each period will a json object in the buckets list.

Reviewer: ~the~, might have forgotten a word between "will" and "a".

Author: thanks - feel free to use suggestions to fix these in the review :)

Author: ```suggestion
This end points returns json data in the format below where the each period will return an object in the buckets list.
```
